FEATURED
Using Code Generation to Survive Without Generics
Learn how to use code generation to create type-safe code (like a Queue or LinkedList) without having to rewrite the same thing over and over again.
JON CALHOUN
Error Handling Patterns in Go
Some patterns around the proper use of defer, how to wrap error checks to avoid duplication, and adding context to your errors.
NEMANJA MIJAILOVIC
CockroachDB 1.0: A Production-Ready Go-Based SQL Database
One of the “NewSQL” generation of databases, CockroachDB is an open source, distributed SQL database designed for high availability. Source here.
SPENCER KIMBALL
Equip Your Go Apps With Backtrace - and meet our new gopher
Unlike other error reporting platforms, Backtrace captures all panics and crashes, even in native libraries, with no API integration required and no runtime performance penalty.
BACKTRACE   SPONSORED 

k6: A New Open Source Load Testing Tool
Billed as “unit testing, but for performance”, k6 is built in Go and offers Docker and CLI based tools for HTTP testing. GitHub repo.
K6.​IO
Writing and Testing an Event Sourcing Microservice with Kafka and Go
A thorough tutorial that uses Kafka for events, Redis for CQRS, and Semaphore CI for continuous integration.
SEMAPHORE CI
Anonymizing Images with Go and MachineBox.io
Building a command line utility that blanks out the faces in a supplied image using MachineBox’s FaceBox.
MAT RYER
JOBS
Golang Engineer - Remote (Europe)
Media company Movio seeks a remote Software Engineer based in Europe.
MOVIO
Finding a Job Shouldn't Feel Like Work. Try Hired Today.
Get empowered to find the job that fits you. Try Hired.
HIRED
IN BRIEF
Gobot 1.5 Released: The Go Robotics/IoT Framework   NEWS 
New support for A2D devices, a new PWM (Pulse Width Modulation) interface, and support for the ASUS Tinker Board and C.H.I.P. Pro.
RON EVANS
Enabling Microservices: Containers & Orchestration Explained
All the information you need to start learning how to build modern applications with microservices.
MONGODB   SPONSORED 
Using Linux VM Sockets in Go   TUTORIAL 
A look at communicating via the (relatively) new VM sockets between a hypervisor and its VMs.
MATT LAYHER
A Go 'map' Tutorial   TUTORIAL 
There’s a similar tutorial for strings too.
NAVEEN RAMANATHAN
If A Map Isn’t A Reference Variable, What Is It?   TUTORIAL 
DAVE CHENEY
Concurrent Go Apps with Goroutines and Channels   TUTORIAL 
NIC RABOY
Go Quickstart: Helpful Tips for Experienced Programmers   TUTORIAL 
SEAN SWEZEY
Using 'Einstein Vision' Within Go for Object Recognition in Images   TUTORIAL 
SALESFORCE DEVELOPERS BLOG
Going for Go and Sticking with SQL   STORY 
Why Poki is ditching PHP for Go but staying with MySQL over NoSQL.
POKI ENGINEERING
An Introduction to Ponzu, a Go Headless CMS   VIDEO 
YOUTUBE
How Did You Convince Your Team or Manager to Try Go?   OPINION 
Saying that “Docker was written in Go” isn’t a bad place to start.
REDDIT
Debugging a Memory Leak on Heroku
In this free e-book you will learn how to debug a memory leak on Heroku.
CODESHIP   SPONSORED 
Delve 1.0-rc1 Released: A Debugger for Go   TOOLS 
DEREK PARKER
Unofficial Native Go Runtime for Google Cloud Functions   TOOLS 
‘Unofficial’ and unsupported but built by Google nonetheless.
GOOGLE CLOUD PLATFORM
Glue: Generate Client Code for your Go RPC Servers   TOOLS 
TEJAS MANOHAR
Falcon: An Open Source, Enterprise-Level Monitoring System   CODE 
The docs are here.
GITHUB.​COM
An Official Go Implementation of the Ethereum Protocol   CODE 
Ethereum is a blockchain-based smart contract and cryptocurrency system.
GITHUB.​COM
markdownd: A Markdown Renderer and Static File Server   CODE 
GITHUB.​COM
Notable: A Simple Note Taking (Web) Application   CODE 
JOHN MCFARLANE
dispenserd: A Fast and Reliable JSON-Oriented Job Queue   CODE 
BRIAN SEYMOUR
Casbin: Auth Framework Supporting Multiple Access Control Models